Previously on
Yu-Gi-Oh! Vrains
I found you Ignis.
Be gone.
No!
(blasting)
Leave her alone!
Let's go!
Come on!
(Shephard)
You made a big mistake.
No one has ever
escaped the Shepherd.
Ghost girl, get out of my way.
You dare to trap me!
That worked perfectly,
by the way I'm Blue girl.
I owe you my life Blue girl,
or should I say. Sky
Huh?
You actually helped
me ten years ago
or, to be more accurate, you
helped me by helping a girl
named Miyu.
Miyu?
I'm her Ignis, and Miyu was
a victim of the lost incident
Is she okay?
Lightning infected
her with a virus,
putting her into a deep sleep.
Why are you helping the Ignis?
You have no stakes
in this fight.
Yeah I know,
but listen up,
if you're
on the wrong track
I kinda think it's
my responsibility
to put you back on the right
track, you are my big bro.
Since you won't stop
getting in my way,
I'll force you to
with a delicient duel.
Let's do this Shepherd!
(upbeat dramatic music)
(Both)
Lets speed duel!
I'm going first
and I summon Drone
Corporal in attack mode.
(drone beeping)
next, I'll place this card
face down and end my turn.
You know, you had me
pretty fooled for a while.
(Emma)
I didn't know who you were
under that mask until.
Move, Emma.
Until you called me Emma
instead of Ghost girl.
How did you know my real name?
Well, I needed to know,
so I got to Sluthing.
Pinned up a few contacts,
worked a few back channels,
hacked a dew databases, you know
a typical Saturday night for me,
And lo and behold,
I uncovered the Shepherd's
identity: Kenneth Drayden.
Also known as my half brother.
So, were you ever going to
tell me the truth about us
big bro
Stop calling me that,
you're not my sister
and you never will be.
Ugh
You have no idea what
I have to live through,
our father, no, let
me take that back,
your father was
never there for me
the way he was there for you.
(laughing)
That's not true.
Enough, I'm not here to
chat, I'm here to duel.
Ugh, fine,
I draw!
I'll start by activating my
trap card Infinite Impermanence.
When I have no
cards on my field,
your monster loses all
its special abilities
until the end of the turn.
Meaning I'm shutting
down your drone.
You're shutting down nothing,
Drone Corporal has a special
ability that negates your trap
so you just wasted a card.
It may look that
way but you're wrong,
because when I
activate a trap card,
I'm allowed to summon Altergeist
Multifaker from my hand.
Um, how sneaky.
And my Multifaker has a
special ability of its own,
it lets me summon
Altergeist Meluseek
from my deck in defence mode.
I'll follow that up by summoning
Altergeist Marionetter,
and my Marionetter's
special ability activates
letting me take a
trap card from my deck
and place it face
down on my field.
And it's not just any trap,
it's one I can
activate immediately.
What? A trap like
that doesn't exist.
It does now, I activate
Altergeist Haunted Rock,
it sends an Altergeist in
my hand to the graveyard.
I'm creating a circuit
that links the known
with the unknown.
I set Altergeist Multifaker and
Meluseek in the link arrows.
I link summon
Link 2 Altergeist Hexstia!
(groaning)
Since I sent my Meluseek
to the graveyard
in order to link summon, its
special ability activates,
which lets me get an Altergeist
monster from my deck.
Next step, Hexstia
uses its ability
to gain the attack points of
the Altergiest its linked to:
All 1600 of them.
But I'm not done yet, cause
I still have my Marionetter.
It can send an Altergeist card
on my field to the graveyard
and then in exchange it
resurrects an Altergeist monster
straight to my field
like my tuner monster
Altergeist Fifinellag.
And having a tuner means
I can synchro summon!
My level 2 Fifinellag tunes
with my level 4 Marionetter.
Legendary spirits awake!
Rise from your eternal
slumber, break the barrier!
(laser sound)
This can't be.
I synchro summon,
enter this existence
Altergiest Dragvirion!
(roaring)
I synchro summon,
enter this existence
Altergiest Dragvirion!
(roaring)
By summoning Dragvirion,
Hexstia is now linked
to a stronger monster,
so its own attack points rise.
But only temporarily, I
activate my trap Capture Drone.
It negates your linked
monster special abilities
so its attack point will
drop right back down
Well I'm not cool with that,
I'll activate Hexstia's
additional ability
by tributing the Altergeist
next to its link,
it destroys your
Capture Drone. Bye bye.
But since Hexstia is no
longer linked to a monster,
its attack points drop,
just like you wanted.
So not only did Hexstia
loses attack points,
but you also lost
your synchro monster
which wouldn't be if you
just left my trap alone.
I guess so,
but I didn't feel
like letting you do
whatever you want,
and to quote you, this
lose is only temporary
because when I tribute
Dragvirion, its special ability
re-summons it back to my field,
and since I summoned it
next to Hexstia's link,
its attack points
leap back up to 3700.
See? I didn't waste anything,
while you wasted a
trap card, Shepherd.
Ugh
Here it goes, Dragvirion
attack Drone Corporal!
(explosion)
with that drone out of the way,
Shepherd has nothing on
his field to defend with
so when my Hexstia attacks
he'll run out of life points.
It was nice catching up
but I'm gonna have to cut
this little family
reunion of ours short.
Hexstia, finish him!
Not so fast, I have
Drone Asteroid in my hand,
I can send this card to the
graveyard to stop your attack
so this duel isn't over.
I also get to
summon a drone token
for each monster on your field,
so I can summon two.
Well now, I guess you missed
me a lot more than I thought.
Appears you don't want
this reunion to end.
You're right, I don't.
Uh?
At least not with my defeat,
but it's a problem I
can remedy like this.
Hey check this out, Ling
Freinsen's security cams
picked this up half an hour ago.
Why is the Shepherd
chasing after Blue Gal?
Because of this.
Aqua!
Why does Blue
girl have an Ignis?
(Flame)
I think the more accurate
question is: how do we help her?
Yeah, we can't let her
get zapped like Earth.
(upbeat music)
It's time to link
it to the Vrains!
(suspenseful music)
(Aqua)
I sense that
you're troubled Sky.
Is everything okay?
It's about Miyu.
(laughing)
It's just, I didn't know she
was in the Lost incident.
I can't stop thinking
about how horrible
it must have been for her,
and how I couldn't
do anything to help.
But you did help, Sky,
because you were
always in her heart.
Miyu was never the best dualist
so she lost more than
her fair share of duals.
And losing only made
the situation worse.
It was so hard that
it would break even
the strongest of spirits
but it never broke her,
because in that empty room,
she still had one thing
that she could hold on to.
And what was that?
(Aqua)
It was hope.
Hope that she would see
her best friend again.
You, Sky, because you've
always inspired her.
What!?
But she's the one
who inspired me.
See, for the longest time
it was just me and my brother.
Because we were
constantly on the move,
after a few cities I just
stopped trying to make friends
because it hurt too much
to keep saying goodbye.
and before I knew
it I was all alone.
Until Miyu came along.
She taught me that it
may hurt to say goodbye
(laughing)
but it hurts more if
you never say hello.
And you taught
Miyu to be brave,
especially in the most
difficult of times.
And as her Ignis, you
taught me that as well.
So I will be brave and
stop Lightning's plan
to eliminate mankind.
You mind if I join you?
I would love your help
and I'm sure Miyu would as well.
(Shephard) It's my turn.
I draw.
I'll start by summoning
my Drone Carrier.
(whooshing)
And by doing so, I can
now forge my Circuit.
The summoning conditions
require two or more drones.
So, I set my Drone Carrier
and my two Drone Tokens
and the Link Arrows.
I linked summon Link Three
Battle Drone General!
(aircraft engine revving }
Battle Drone General
special ability
can revive a drone
from my graveyard
and summon it next to its link.
So my drone carrier
is back in action.
(electric buzzing)
Then, my drone carriers
own ability activates
when its re-summoned
from the graveyard.
I can resurrect another
drone from my graveyard.
Drone Corporal!
(electric buzzing)
Now that I've rebuilt my army,
a million options
open before me.
First, Battle Drone General
gives one of my drones
the ability to
attack you directly.
So, your life points
are no longer safe
from my drone carrier.
And whenever, my monster
attacks you directly,
Battle Drone General can
tribute the monster to deal you
damage equal to
its attack points.
So, it's like taking
double the damage!
(Shephard)
It's much worse than that!
Attack Ghost Gal
directly, Drone Corporal!
What, not Drone Carrier?
No, Drone Corporal has an
ability that lets it attack you
directly by cutting the
damage you take in half.
But the you take when I
tribute it won't cut in half.
So, I'm dealing you
more overall damage
than with my carrier.
You know, I can hear
the smirk behind your mask
but I don't think
it's gonna last.
Because I can make
some moves as well.
When you attack me
with your monster,
I'm allowed to summon
Altergeist Kunquery
and automatically
stop that attack.
(Shephard)
What?
You heard me, an
Altergeist Kunquery
can also negate the
special abilities of one
of your monsters,
so Battle Drone General's
abilities are grounded.
(wooshing)
And your Drone Carrier can't
attack me directly anymore.
(Shephard)
I was never
going to do that
in the first place.
(gasping)
It's called misdirection,
I activate Drone Force Tuning.
If my drones didn't
deal you any damage
during battle this turn,
I can use them to
synchro-summon immediately.
So you wanna synchro-summon
just like I did before, huh?
And you say we're not related.
(upbeat music)
But where I succeeded,
you're gonna fail.
Because I have Altergeist
Hexstia's ability,
by destroying an altergeists
next to its link.
(wooshing)
Your trap drone force
tuning is negated
and also destroyed.
(Shephard)
It would be if
it wasn't for the fact that
drone force tuning is immune
to your special abilities.
Since Hexstia's no longer
linked with a monster
to power it up, its
attack points drop.
(animated electric buzzing)
But since the monster I
got rid of was Dragvirion,
it re-summons itself from
the graveyard like last time.
(electric buzzing)
And Hexstia's attack points
jump right back up to 3700.
So no harm, no foul.
(Shephard)
Oh, you're so wrong.
Failing to stop my
synchro-summon will cost you.
(grunting)
(explosion)
(electric buzzing)
My level two Drone Carrier two
with my level four
Drone Corporal!
Watch as I construct a
halo that rains a shower
of fiery destruction
onto any target.
I synchro-summoned Command
Drone Double Sniper!
(electric buzzing)
I synchro summoned Command
Drone Double Sniper!
(electric buzzing)
Now Battle Drone General, attack
and destroy her Dragvirion.
If he destroys my Dragvirion,
my Hexstia's gonna lose a
whole lot of attack points.
And that'll crush
me in the long run.
I have stop this attack.
I activate Dragvirion's
special ability,
by returning Altergeist Kunquery
from my field to my hand.
Your Battle Drone General's
attack is negated.
(whooshing)
But since Kunquery's
no longer in play,
your Battle Drone General now
regains its special abilities.
(Shephard)
Ah, how nice of you.
You saved one monster
in exchange for another
that was holding me back.
But that's not all
you've done to help me.
Whenever you negate my attack,
my Command Drone Double
Sniper gets one drone counter.
And now, I activate
my skill, Drone Force!
That's just great.
(Shephard)
One of your monsters loses
200 attack points,
for each drone in my graveyard
until the end of the turn,
with my Link Monster
gains 200 attack points
from each of those drones.
Since you have five
drones in your graveyard,
my monster will lose,
1,000 of its attack points.
(whooshing)
(beeping)
(Shephard)
And my Battle Drone General
gains a thousand attack points.
(electric buzzing)
Now that your
Dragvirion is weaker,
my double sniper can destroy it.
But can doesn't mean you will,
because I can negate
that attack by summoning
Altergeist Kunquery,
in defence mode.
You should have worked
on your grammar.
(Shephard)
But by stopping my attack,
my double sniper gets
another drone counter.
(soft metal grinding)
But now that I have
Kunquery back on my field,
your Battle Drone General
loses its abilities.
(Shephard)
Wrong, when double
sniper has two counters,
it can negate your Kunquery's
abilities and destroy it.
Did I say, can?
I meant it will.
(booming)
(Ghost Gal grunting)
And as you've noticed,
you also take 1,000
points of damage.
But Double Sniper
can do even more
when it has Drone
Counters on it.
It not only gains the
ability to attack again,
but it can also attack
you directly by lowering
the damage you take to a 1,000.
(loud booming)
(screaming)
And since I stopped you
from negating my
general's abilities,
I can now use it to
tribute my Double Sniper
and deal you damage equal
to its attack points.
All 2,000!
(screaming)
Which is exactly
what you have left.
You lost, Ghost Gal!
And since this was
a deletion duel,
I'm erasing your
account permanently,
so that you can never log
in to LINK VRAINS again.
(grunting)
(Ghost Gal)
Fine, a deal is a deal.
But before you erase me,
can I share something with you?
(Shephard)
No, I don't even care
to share the same
genes with you.
Sheesh, can you just
be chill for half a sec?
(Shephard)
What?
Our Dad, he got
really sick last year,
and well, in his final days,
he talked to me about
a lot of things.
And he talked a lot about you.
Emma, my one true regret
is that I never made a better
effort to get to
know my Kenneth.
To let him know that
I was proud of the man
he grew up to be.
Can you promise me
to look after him?
I swore to him that
day that I always would.
(Shephard)
You think that story fixes
everything?
No, of course not.
I just thought you'd
like to know, that's it.
Now, c'mon hurry
up and delete me.
I got a dinner
reservation waiting.
(suspenseful music)
Huh?
(whooshing)
(suspenseful music)
(Soulburner)
Hey, ghost gal!
(Playmaker)
Did you see the shepherd
around here?
You just missed him.
Which way did he go?
'Cause he's on the hunt
for Blue Gal and Aqua.
(Ai)
And we must do
what we can to help them.
(Blue Gal)
We're fine guys.
(upbeat music)
Aqua!
(Aqua)
Ai, it's
great to see you!
(Ai)
It's great to be seen.
(laughing)
(Flame)
And what our
friend means to say is,
we're glad you're safe.
(Ai)
That's what I said Flame,
just in fewer words because
I'm super efficient.
You know, like, super,
super efficient.
Now, that's a lot more words.
Anyway, what are you doing
in Blue Gal's duel disc?
Sky, I know that
we can save everyone.
Both human and Ignis.
Then let's do it.
Because if we don't
all come together,
we'll all fall apart.
And that's not a world
I want to live in.
(swooshing)
(upbeat music)
With Aqua by my side,
I can upgrade my game.
(gasping)
(upbeat music)
So say goodbye to Blue Gal
and hello to Blue Maiden.
Wow!
Nice upgrade.
It's been a long time since
we fought as a team, Playmaker.
I agree.
Let's make the most of it.
Look at them, like,
they're one big happy family.
Must be nice.
Let's fight together
to stop this war.
(Ai)
Yeah!
And save Jin from
Lightning's control.
And save Miyu as well.
(Aqua)
Right!
(Flame)
And let us not
forget to rebuild the Cyberse.
That's on top of the list.
Let's go!
(Ai)
Yeah!
(loud banging)